what's up everybody it's alex from
everything for ipod and today i'm
bringing you a review of the signet eres
fierce leave for the ipad when you first
look at this case you just think wow
this looks freaking amazing the colors
are awesome the mix of the dark grey and
the bright orange just really makes us
look like a great case and then the
bubbles on top just give it that much
more texture and it looks amazing with
your ipad so on the inside of the case
you have a really self material so
you're not going to have to worry about
any scratches on the front or back you
have the material on both the front and
back the only thing is this little tag
on the inside does fold over onto the
screen when the sleeve is closed I
really experienced any issues with it
but I would have liked it if they just
didn't put that there maybe put a little
tag on the outside but having that tag
rubbing against my screen just doesn't
feel comforting to me it's really simple
to install your iPad all you really have
to do is just pop it in the case and
then pull the little elastic straps over
the corner of the iPad there are four
straps one on each corner and that just
securely holds the iPad into the sleeve
as far as compatibility goes you'll be
fine this sleeve does work with the iPad
1 2 and 3 all i can say though is with
the ipads 2 and 3 the rear facing camera
is going to be covered up so just keep
that in mind when you go to use this
case the zippers on the arrow sphere are
really big tabs they're really easy to
open so you'll be fine opening and
closing this case but even though it
looks great it does have really limited
functionality there is no stand or no
camera cut out so it definitely is made
for somebody that doesn't need those
features what I really is the 4 is more
like a laptop sleeve I kept my smart
cover on the iPad in there it did fit
perfectly I didn't strap it in every
time I just took it to travel it's
really easy to throw down on the desk
and it has nice padding really nice
padding because of those bubbles on the
top and that's really what I used it for
just having a smart cover in there
attached to my iPad pulling it out of
the case when I needed to use it that
way I could still use my camera and
still use a stand and then also have
some really great protection being in
sleeve overall this is a really great
case it really
text your iPad both the front in the
back and around the outside with those
phony bubbles it does have a really low
price tag I'm not going to say the price
in the video because that could change
over time but i really recommend
checking this product out i'll put links
in the description cigna offers some
really great products which is why i
think you will really enjoy this one so
i'm going to be giving it away right
here right now so let's see what you
have to do there's not a whole lot to
all you have to do is go on twitter and
tweet to me so at everything for ipod
then hashtag efore i give away and then
after that just put in whatever you want
make sure you have add everything for
ipod hashtag e4 i give away I'll flash
that up on the screen right now and
basically that's it you're entered i
will give you until this wednesday i
don't know the exact date right now but
the upcoming wednesday from now i'll put
it on the screen will be when this ends
so thanks for watching don't forget to
enter the giveaway on twitter and if you
would like please subscribe it helps me
out a lot that's it don't forget to
check out some of my other videos and I
will see you later